Our Shiny App is based on the old Chinese card game called "24". In this game a group of players draw four field cards for everyone to use.
The objective of the game is to use basic arithmetic operations (+, -, *, /) on the cards to calculate the value 24.
Traditionally, Ace corresponds to 1, all numbered cards correspond to their respective values, Jack corresponds to 11, Queen 12, King 13.

We decided to write this app because as we all grew up playing 24, we knew there were some combinations of 4 cards from which no one at the
table could achieve 24. The question of "can these cards possibly make 24" was a constant theme, and now through our app we can know exactly
whether any combination of 4 cards can make 24 and all of the methods how.

Our app contains 4 tabs. 
The first tab provides all of the methods to calculate 24 for any 4 cards. In addition, the user can also select
another objective value other than 24 and observe all of the possible methods to calculate it.
The second tab allows the user to play the game as it is traditionally played. Four random cards will be drawn and the user will have time
to figure out if and how they can calculate 24. Once the user wants to view all of the methods, he or she can click a button allowing them
to do so.
The third tab was made as an analysis to determine exactly why the game is 24 as opposed to another target number. We ran a large sample
size of simulations to determine whether 4 random cards could calculate 24 as opposed to other values between 20 and 30 and we discovered
that the probability of being able to calculate 24 is higher than being able to calculate any other value between 20 and 30, 
which is likely why the game is 24 and not another number.
The fourth tab allows a user to input up to 5 cards and determine whether or not 24 can be calculated. Due to the exponential nature of
iterating all possible arithmetic calculations given 5 cards, this feature takes some time (10 seconds to 3 minutes) 
to run when 5 cards are inputted.
